Branch cut updates (#3645)
facebook/react-native-website: website/contributing/release-branch-cut-and-rc0.md

> - Add and commit the extra file that got created at `sdks/hermes/.hermesversion`.

Reviewer: headsup: can you update the paths to match the fact that we're in the monorepo now? ex. the bump-hermes-version script is here now: https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/main/packages/react-native/scripts/hermes/bump-hermes-version.js

and the sdk file is here https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/0.72-stable/packages/react-native/sdks/.hermesversion

Author: Good point, updated 👍

> - Update packages in the monorepo by running `npm run bump-all-updated-packages`. All the package bumps should be a patch. Read more about the script and how they work [here](./release-updating-packages).

Reviewer 2: Can we add one more sentence on why we need to do it?

Maybe something like "We need to publish the latest available changes in our code, so they will be included in a new RC"

> - Update packages in the monorepo by running `yarn bump-all-updated-packages`. All the package bumps should be a patch. We need to publish the latest package changes, so they will be included in a new RC. Read more about the script and how they work [here](./release-updating-packages).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update packages in the monorepo by running `yarn bump-all-updated-packages`. Bear in mind that all the package bumps must be on patch level, and be on the minor you are working on. We need to publish the latest package changes so they will be included in RC0. Read more about the script and how they work [here](./release-updating-packages).

```

> - Push the commit created by the previous command to the `0.x-stable` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Push the commit created by the previous command to the `0.XX-stable` branch so that CI will take care of releasing the new versions on npm.
```

> ### 2. Push the branch and test the current changes

Reviewer: I just noticed that in this guide we only push the branch up at this step 2.

Maybe let's change this second step to be part of step 1, and separate the Hermes bump into its own step and the bump all packages into its own step too?

Author: I created separate steps for Hermes and monorepo packages bumps.

I kept this step as a separate one that we should still run only after Hermes + packages bumps as I don't think it's necessary to push multiple times? Or do you see the workflow as:
- Create new branch, push its current state
- Hermes bump
- monorepo bumps
- push the changes again

Reviewer: I think it's ok

- [@reactnative](https://twitter.com/reactnative) on twitter
- RN Discord `#releases-coordination`

> ### 10. Bump minor versions of all monorepo packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 10. Bump minor version of all monorepo packages in `main`
```

> The packages in the `react-native` monorepo should be always one minor version ahead of the latest or RC version. Once you're done with releasing the initial RC0, you should:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The packages in the `react-native` monorepo must always be one minor version ahead of the latest or RC version (ex. if you have just cut `0.72-stable`, main needs to be in `0.73.x`. Once you're done with releasing the initial RC0, you should:
```

- Create a new branch in `react-native` from `main` in your own fork.

> - Run `npm run bump-all-updated-packages --release-branch-cutoff` to bump the minor versions of all packages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Run `npm run bump-all-updated-packages -- --release-branch-cutoff` to bump the minor versions of all packages.
```

For npm we need add explicit `--`, because `node` accepts arguments in a form like `--<arg>`
